docs(ref): Index differences between virtual / real manifests (#13794)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/workspaces.md

Reviewer: There is still something missing. The doc never explains that a root package is effectively a default workspace member.

Author: This was implied in the old "Package selection" wording by saying that the package for the current working directory is used.  However, I think the current wording is up for misinterpretation and I'm tweaking it in hopes that it will be less confusing.

authors = ["Alice <a@example.com>", "Bob <b@example.com>"]
```

> When there isn't a root package:
> 
> - [`resolver = "2"`](resolver.md#resolver-versions) must be
>   set explicitly in virtual workspaces as they have no
>   [`package.edition`][package-edition] to infer it from.
>   [resolver version](resolver.md#resolver-versions).
> - Commands run in the workspace's directory will run against all workspace
>   members by default, see [Package selection](#package-selection).

Reviewer: Feel a bit disconnected with the previous paragraph. What about this:

```suggestion
Some major differences bewteen root packages and virtual workspaces:

- In virtual workspaces, [`resolver = "2"`](resolver.md#resolver-versions) must be
  set explicitly as they have no
  [`package.edition`][package-edition] to infer it from.
  [resolver version](resolver.md#resolver-versions).
- Commands run in the a virtual workspace's directory will run against all workspace
  members by default, see [Package selection](#package-selection).
```

Author: I'm not quite seeing the problem.

When I look at the previous paragraph, it ends on the note of the role of virtual workspaces contrasted with root packages

> This is typically useful when there isn't a "primary" package, or
you want to keep all the packages organized in separate directories.

I tweaked the leading line for the new section a little bit which now reads

> By having a workspace without a root package,

Could you help me understand what challenge you are seeing in the transition?

Reviewer: Thanks for that. It feels better now. I guess it is because that there is an extra term “primary package”, so root package is a bit far when mentioned.
